Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Hello.
Daniel De La Mora: Can you hear me. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Can you hear me.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, there we go.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. All right, good. How's it going,
Daniel De La Mora: It's going. All right. It's going pretty good. It's going it's going good. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Tommy. Tommy, what
Daniel De La Mora: I'm you know
Daniel De La Mora: I didn't know you're going to ask you that way. But I mean, I'm not gonna live. I've seen better weeks then what I've been dealing with. But, I mean, it's been good. As far as like me realizing, like where I am.
Daniel De La Mora: I don't know, like just
Daniel De La Mora: What's good right now. I guess family.
Daniel De La Mora: Just talking to talking to them.
Daniel De La Mora: Friends, talking to friends and then this week, I might be going to a concert with friends. So we'll see what's up that should be fun.
Shawn Phalen: So,
Shawn Phalen: I think last time we spoke, you were going actually driving in a dry the Santa Barbara.
Yeah.
I'm
Sorry.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so after did you end up going up to Santa Barbara. Is that kind of in your ritual on Monday.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah. Monday is what I'll do, I'll usually just hit up there for because I participate in this like kind of home study that my father does
Daniel De La Mora: As far as like just, you know, have a meeting with people and we just talked about things like, I don't know, it's, it's pretty cool. It's, it's like a Bible study, but not really. I don't know.
Daniel De La Mora: How to explain it. But yeah, I go up there for that. So, most of the time.
Daniel De La Mora: Which I'll actually probably do after the meeting.
Daniel De La Mora: But yeah, every Monday. That's kind of the ritualistic thing just to go up there. Just kind of the routine. And then what I'll do is I'll stay the night and then come back down to LA like the next day or the day after
Daniel De La Mora: Man, just kind of rotate. Yeah, and
You feel like that.
Shawn Phalen: I mean, I know that you love the Bible study. Like, I know you like spending time with you like spending time if your dad and bonding over that. Do you feel like that has kind of kept you a little bit more grounded and your sobriety.
Daniel De La Mora: Keeping up with something that
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, I would say like it's something that definitely keeps me more grounded in aware of the situation I'm in, because
Daniel De La Mora: What I've realized like, I mean, I'm not gonna lie. And like I said, like the past. I mean, I've seen better weeks I guess in the past couple weeks but
Daniel De La Mora: Like what I've noticed about myself is like if I don't consistently remind myself about the situation I'm in, like in the reality of it, then I start to like
Daniel De La Mora: Not really recognize the severity
Daniel De La Mora: Of like what I'm doing to myself I'd say so. Like going up there and being around them really does put that into perspective and ground means what actually is happening.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, okay. So does that mean that you relapse.
Daniel De La Mora: I mean, yeah, in the last couple weeks I messed up and just
Daniel De La Mora: It's just me falling victim to the whole, like I said, the whole mindset about, you know, everything is okay. You're like, Oh, you're doing good, or you don't need anything or
Daniel De La Mora: And that's what's making me mad as the fact that, like, I haven't gotten past that yet. Like at all like at all, and it's
Daniel De La Mora: It's just like it's it's really bothers me because of the fact that, like,
Daniel De La Mora: Like, I don't know, I'll go back up to my parents.
Daniel De La Mora: And like, I'll be good in the sense that, like, I don't really like showing that, like, I don't like going through withdrawals or anything in front of them.
Daniel De La Mora: Because it really like just ruins the whole vibe of the house and like me being in my bed and just like dealing with it all days trash. So like, usually when I go up there like I'm pretty good. As far as like, you know, I'll be all have a couple days are all I'll have been on the Suboxone
Daniel De La Mora: So like it'll be fine.
Daniel De La Mora: And
Daniel De La Mora: That's what like really
Daniel De La Mora: Gets me back to being like, dude, you got an issue as far as like you thinking everything's okay and like
Daniel De La Mora: Just when you start to feel normal again. And then, you know, I'm like, Oh, I'm not gonna take you know sidewalks in a day or I'm not going to do this. And then one day eventually leads into, like, Oh, I'm not going to do it today as well. And then like you start feeling like crap.
Daniel De La Mora: Because, like, I'm not past that point yet. And then you just go into that cycle. And it's like, I haven't been able to just say, you know, it's not okay. Like, even when it feels okay like I just haven't accepted, like, dude, you still got to like put work in
Daniel De La Mora: And this is an ongoing thing. You can't just like go a couple weeks, you know, on the medication and then be like oh you feeling way better and stop taking
Daniel De La Mora: Because that's like that's like the cycle. I'm just tired of doing that, like, but it's like like no one could like forced me to like not do that though that's the thing that like I have to want to like not do that.
Daniel De La Mora: So,
Shawn Phalen: When you say okay so let's kind of walk through this whole
Shawn Phalen: Like a scenario. So you say the last you've had better weeks. So I think I saw you about a month ago so
That was like you think that you use maybe
For the last three weeks.
Daniel De La Mora: No probably like
Daniel De La Mora: I mean, I just, like, really, I kind of like just use like last week and then it was like a really low point as far as like me like realizing again like dude Like here we go again like you. It's just a restart to the cycle.
Daniel De La Mora: And it's like,
Shawn Phalen: What did you use
Daniel De La Mora: Well, I just like took like oxy code on okay here's opiates opiates. It's just what it like it would what I'm what's been the struggle for me. Yeah. As far as everything. So when you took the opiates, or when you took the oxy will you with anybody, or were you by yourself.
Daniel De La Mora: I was primarily by myself as far as like decision making goes and yeah like now. There was no one around me like
Daniel De La Mora: Telling me like, yo, like, no, don't, don't go pick up or don't hit that person up or don't.
Daniel De La Mora: You know, I wasn't putting myself in those situations because like I said I was just not caring I was like in this non caring mood again where I was like, oh, everything's good like
Daniel De La Mora: You don't got to worry about it. And it's like, like I said, I can't. I gotta keep reminding myself, like, dude, you're an addict. Like, you can't just like it's not just something you flick off like a switch and it's like, you know, it's just accepting that but
Daniel De La Mora: I mean I've accepted the part that I have like a problem and like an addiction, but it's just like really wanting to do something about it. I just feel like my brain. Like, even though I tell you that I want to, I feel like my brain fully doesn't accept that. Yeah. Yeah, I understand.
Shawn Phalen: What you're saying because you've said that to me. We've had so many conversations and
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, it's certainly not judgment on my part or criticism on my part, you know i just i think that
Shawn Phalen: You know, this is so more things going really well when you decided to take it.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, like I was, I mean as far as really well being, you know, yeah, I was having good business. I was
Daniel De La Mora: Like I was around people that were
Daniel De La Mora: I want to, I don't want to say like I was around people that was separate susceptible to being influenced by, like, because that's not true.
Daniel De La Mora: But I did like I was just in, you know, in studio sessions with clients that participate and stuff like, you know,
Daniel De La Mora: Not in the studio environment because they're being watched by someone professionally but there are people that like, you know, on their own time.
Daniel De La Mora: I know that they indulge and stuff. It's the but they're not going to like do that in the studio environment. So that's why I'm saying, like, I didn't have to worry about that there but but it was like
Daniel De La Mora: I don't know, just going to
Daniel De La Mora: Like going to parties or going to a couple like kickbacks. And then, you know, just feeling good feeling like you know you you haven't been using, you have been doing this, you know,
Daniel De La Mora: All like, what's one day gonna hurt like see thoughts like that. I don't expect to like pop into my head, but they do like yeah, and it just
Do you think it's like a wave rewarding yourself.
Daniel De La Mora: I mean,
Daniel De La Mora: I never really looked at it that way but like
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, I mean, it looks that way. It looks that way is that when I talk about it that way. It looks like I'm in a way, thinking that I could reward myself for not using
Daniel De La Mora: Like you know for going like a couple
Daniel De La Mora: Weeks, so not using for like having work going really well. Hang out with friends, you know, those are all really does are positive things in your life and
Daniel De La Mora: It's not uncommon to use when you're really happy things are going really well because you're feeling better and you're feeling like you can just, just do it this one time I want to be a part of what's going on.
I want to reward myself for all the hard work I've done the past month.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, you know, you don't it using doesn't necessarily mean that you're like a depressed mess, you know, using is
Daniel De La Mora: You know, especially when people have had some amount of sobriety. You know, it's not uncommon for them to kind of do this dance that you're doing.
Daniel De La Mora: And and you're right you know this is like you just have to be so sick of doing it that you just don't do it anymore. And that's really what it comes down to.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah.
Daniel De La Mora: Well, I'm pretty I'm pretty sick of it. I'm not gonna lie like
Daniel De La Mora: I'm just pretty sick of feeling like crap like that stuff. I just hate it as hate the fact that, like,
Daniel De La Mora: You can't just stop taking something and feel normal. Like you stop taking something and you endure physical like symptoms that just are unpleasant like that just the biggest thing that irks me and like
Daniel De La Mora: I don't know. It sucks, but it is what it is.
Shawn Phalen: How many do you take when you take some
Daniel De La Mora: I'm not like I'll do like like one or two like and they're not really like I don't be like when I did do it. It was over the course of like the whole day. I do like to
Daniel De La Mora: And in the sense that like
Daniel De La Mora: Okay, like I was doing was feeling really good in the afternoon. All right, well, you know, I hit somebody up
Daniel De La Mora: They helped me out. And then I had, you know, took it was feeling good for a bit and then I took the rest of it later. But see, that's when I started, I was thinking it's like, dude,
Daniel De La Mora: You still have a high tolerance, like, and then I start remembering everything. And I'm like, What are you doing, like, then I started to feel bad about the whole situation and then it's like
Daniel De La Mora: It just goes into like feeling not like depressed or anything. Just down, like, Damn, you just let yourself down or like, and I don't want to keep. I'm not going to tell my parents every single freaking time like I'm doing that because I don't want them to feel that every time.
Daniel De La Mora: Like to be honest with you, like, I'm going to deal with that and not show them that every time. Because then it's just going to kill the the vibe in the household. Like it doesn't bring joy to the household. So like mess. The number one thing that I like. Like, you know, focusing on
Daniel De La Mora: Is like when I come to the house. Like, I don't want there to be feelings of despair anything or like oh like Daniels doing bad or we see him laid up in his bed or because then that just really puts my parents on edge and like everyone the House on edge.
Daniel De La Mora: So it's like
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah sorts of really like I started to think about the reality of the situation again and then like, it's like I said, it's that cycle where it's like, you feel guilty.
Daniel De La Mora: Like yeah, straight up, I feel guilty about it and then like you, you do something about it for a while and then, you know, I'm just so sick of going through it but
Daniel De La Mora: I have to literally be so sick of it that it just yeah like I just don't want to do it no more well
Shawn Phalen: And it's also you have to be really aware of your thoughts, you know, and so you have to be the person that stops you find that person that you know you can get some fun, you know,
Daniel De La Mora: It's like
You know, you have to be the person that talks yourself out of it, you know. And here's herself a really rational pep talk
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, I feel that
Daniel De La Mora: Honestly, it's like it's just like if you have to really be aware of those thoughts of using start to creep back in where you know you you've got it, you've got to really pay attention to the signs are there there you know those signs of
Oh,
Hearing really good things are going really well.
Wouldn't it be nice if I could just take one and you know you have to really, it takes discipline.
And
Shawn Phalen: It takes a lot of self awareness is what it is to, like, cuz
Because you're you're aware of your feelings after you take them.
Daniel De La Mora: And I'm very aware, like in the moment when I need to be more aware, they're
Not for focus don't want you to focus like
Not even in the moment, but before them, and I want you
To your box and start paying attention to.
Shawn Phalen: What you're thinking and and how you're feeling
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, because it's just as important on the front end as it is on the back end, because on the back end, you already know that you're going to feel really guilty and obese and you're gonna want to hide it from your parents and you're gonna say, I don't want to do it again.
Shawn Phalen: And in the moment you mean it. I'm not saying that you down.
With you, well, where those thoughts and feelings.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, you got to be aware. Yeah.
Daniel De La Mora: Yes, true like is I'm not very were on the front end like
Daniel De La Mora: Like even before the thought pops like I should like I just gotta keep the same attitude as if like
Daniel De La Mora: Players if I just relaxed. You know, like I just have to keep that same attitude because
Daniel De La Mora: I just hate feeling good. Like, if I take them and then like, yeah, you feel good. As far as like, you know, you feel I'm gonna be real. Like you feel normal. A little bit.
Daniel De La Mora: And then like, you know, it starts to wear off really after a couple days the normality. And then you start really feeling like dang like
Daniel De La Mora: Like now you're not like good and like you can't take the Suboxone until you start feeling bad almost because if you do take it when you're not feeling bad, then it throws you into feeling bad.
Daniel De La Mora: And then it's like you. Now you've screwed. Now you can't like, do anything. You just got to feel bad there for a little bit or something, I don't know.
Daniel De La Mora: So that's just been like it's a cycle. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you.
And have you got to break the cycle.
And sometimes it takes a little bit time like look, nobody really gets it on the first go
And do very rare.
Daniel De La Mora: Feel that I mean I'm just, I'm just glad that like I Can I address the issue though the first place because like I'm around some people like not not necessarily like they're my friends or anything, but I see some people who they just don't even address the issue at all.
Daniel De La Mora: They just keep going. They just keep going and going and going and then when they feel bad. They don't even like think they have an issue or anything. They just are like, Oh, I just feel bad. I have to have to handle it. I just had to go get high or something. And I'm like, dude,
Daniel De La Mora: Like, like, and I'm just glad I'm not at that point where I'm just not even realizing an issue.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I know you know you have an issue. I mean, we wouldn't be talking
You know,
Daniel De La Mora: You wouldn't be a bright heart even had an issue. Yeah. And sometimes it's having an issue that's the issue. Like people are like, I don't want to have an issue.
Shawn Phalen: Like, I don't want to
Shawn Phalen: Do like I don't want to say that I have an issue with anything, alcohol, drugs, whatever, you know, people want to think that they're just now recreational users. And so it's like actually saying, you know, to people and saying it out loud, like, um, yeah.
I can take that stuff. I get addicted to that stuff.
Shawn Phalen: So what I want you to start to do then is
I want you to start to be really aware of your thoughts and this is this can be a daily routine like kind of a thing that you do, you know, like, just check in with yourself.
And I'm not saying all day every day. But, you know, checking account like my have okay. Am I happy. Yeah, I'm happy. How am I feeling physically, that kind of stuff. Like my angry.
And then start identifying why like if you're not happy. Why are you not happy if you're happy. Why are you happy, you know, like, I want you to start labeling your feelings. Now, and your thoughts.
Daniel De La Mora: I can do that because this, I can do that. This is a way to kind of break this down, because otherwise, like we want to get you off this hamster wheel.
Daniel De La Mora: We want to get you off this every two to three week thing where you use for a day or two and then you get back on Suboxone and then you start the whole thing all over again. Yeah, no.
No, that's that's exhausting.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, like just stand up and just hate went through it sucks. It is what it is, though, right. I've been sick, not being asleep, not being able to eat.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, I mean, sometimes, but
Daniel De La Mora: What actually what actually happened was,
Daniel De La Mora: Because what I noticed before was the person that I was getting things off of last year, they were actually giving me. I'm pretty sure they're depressed fake pills, because
Daniel De La Mora: I had gotten off those. But what happened what I started to realize like this last time. I've been going through this this last time hasn't really been is like intense of a like of a withdrawal, because I think like all the this time, like I was actually taking, you know, real pills, I guess.
Daniel De La Mora: As far as before, when I get the feeling like it was way stronger.
Daniel De La Mora: So I'm just like, that's just one thing I can say like, I'm just glad about that at least because when it is a stronger substance like it sucks, way more like it sucks, way more when you're going through it with the stronger substance, cuz
Daniel De La Mora: I don't know.
Shawn Phalen: That's also something that needs to be really aware that
Daniel De La Mora: ARE CUTTING OUT WITH FENTANYL
That's going on in LA, but it's big here and there's fentanyl pills.
And
Daniel De La Mora: You got it. I want and I want to be really honest and serious with you about this. There are people that are dying left and right here.
Daniel De La Mora: They think that they are being sold something they are not. And it's fentanyl and that shit is hitting the streets hard in every major city.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, I can't imagine that it is not in our know it definitely isn't LA. It definitely is another
Daniel De La Mora: That's why I have like I really realized that I started to realize like, Man, these, these aren't the same as like what are used to be getting and they're the same, you know, pills.
Daniel De La Mora: Or I thought
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, and that's when I started to really like get setting to that thoughts that where you're like, dude, you could have
Daniel De La Mora: I could have just been one of those cases, who went too far with it on those. And I'm just glad that that's not the case right now because yeah that's like that's that was a scary situation. I just is a scary situation to deal with that.
Daniel De La Mora: Like so. I want you to be aware that, you know, I'm not, you know, I'm not. I mean I guess I am kind of saying it to scare you.
Daniel De La Mora: Know i know i'm glad like it has to be sad, you know,
There's just so much crap out there now.
Daniel De La Mora: As people wanting to make a buck. Honestly, they don't care about, you know, I'm going to make back and hope you know dies that you come back and buy more.
Daniel De La Mora: True hard, cold reality of it.
Drug dealers don't care dealers know that there's always gonna be somebody else can take place.
Daniel De La Mora: Yes. You like because like when you get to the realization like you see even like you telling me that brings back memories me like
Daniel De La Mora: Not necessarily trying to be friends with people who I was getting shut off but like when you go see someone consistently.
Daniel De La Mora: You develop that like you know familiarity and then you start to like
Daniel De La Mora: You don't think your homies or anything, but then you think, like, you're more than just like Oh, I'm just, it's more than just me hitting this dude up like
Daniel De La Mora: And it's because sometimes like I've had a couple situations where like people get shut off like the one like actually like like they'll just want to like hang out for a bit, or something or like you just start talking. And then you just start getting to know them a bit
Daniel De La Mora: And then it's like, that's where it really gets messed up where it's like that. You got to realize what you like what you just told me like I had to realize that the hard way. Like, people don't care about you.
Daniel De La Mora: Like they're just want. They're just talking you up and wants you to keep coming back. That's all it is.
Okay.
Daniel De La Mora: And it just sucks.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah.
Yeah.
So food for thought.
And then I want you, like I said I wanted to just start to kind of focus on what I want you to really focus on your thoughts. Okay.
Daniel De La Mora: Like when you do that you feel like you want to use. And you have to like like hit the brakes.
Daniel De La Mora: I can do that. Right. It's like
Shawn Phalen: And like you said, you know, it's kind of like putting the work in, you just gotta go.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, cuz I'm getting like
Daniel De La Mora: Like I've been in Brighton hard since June. And I was like, doing good, and everything, but it's like what I like it. Just need to step is like it's a process like the Suboxone is a process like you're not just going to get on it and then get off like
Daniel De La Mora: At all, like it's gonna be like, you're going to be on it for a minute, and then you're going to start to naturally like, you know, we ended down
And it's a process because and it should be because you have to start changing your, your life, you have to start changing and, you know, changing the way you think and all these things that we talked about that stuff doesn't happen overnight.
So it's a good thing that it's a process. And if you can just kind of let go of it and just let it be. And just ride through this whole thing and focus on just staying clean and working on yourself.
Like don't don't get don't sweat the fact that you're on Suboxone and that you've been on it since June.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, see, I don't even want to sweat that like I kind of am now you don't like that's that's not that isn't where you want to put your picture your focus because I know last time we spoke you'd asked me about, like, you know, should I start to
Daniel De La Mora: To try and get off of it. And I said, no, because you still have it. You how to relapse. Yeah. And I don't like look at it as it's just it's helping you right now. You need that that that safety net.
Daniel De La Mora: It's a safety net, you still need to develop some skills here some relapse prevention skills and just some healthy coping skills around relaxing. Yeah, and that takes time. Okay, this is not a race.
Daniel De La Mora: Like this is to get that's true and and this to get you to a place where you feel really confident in your sobriety and once you feel confident like that and you can start you know
Daniel De La Mora: Tie trading down and talk to the doctor about it but now's not the time to speak. Right. Yeah. Just be grateful that you're here in this program and that you're going to put in the work.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah.
Daniel De La Mora: No, I'm very grateful for the fact that I'm in this program because I guess just the thing that really keeps me like
Daniel De La Mora: It keeps feeling that like just the track of, like, you still gotta deal with this, like, so I feel like if I didn't really do anything about it and I wasn't in this program.
Daniel De La Mora: I would just probably keep using I'm not gonna lie, because I wouldn't want to feel sick. Right. And that's what happened like with opiates and that's why Opiates are so
Are so addicting addicting. Because, you know, nobody wants to feel sick like that detox off of them is just absolute sheer utter hell and that's why so many people can't get clean or they get clean and I can't stay clean
It's a powerful drama.
Daniel De La Mora: You know, it keeps calling ya.
Know,
It takes it takes
Changing changing like everything like your friends, where you hang out.
Like what you do.
Shawn Phalen: You know, it's like incorporating really healthy like eating healthy drinking water working out staying away from toxic people you know staying away from people for just a big drag
Daniel De La Mora: Filled up staying close to your family staying close to friends that that are a positive influence know all this all this
Pain away from people that use
Deleting from number of people.
Daniel De La Mora: All at any moment. That's another big one is deleting that stuff.
Daniel De La Mora: You know, have it. See like that. The like even you saying that that's actually helped because like I said, the personnel is like see like relapse hasn't really been like, oh, my mind is much that's why I'm glad. Like, I mean, even though I did.
Daniel De La Mora: Like the other week.
Daniel De La Mora: It's not is like a constant.
Daniel De La Mora: Like, it's not as constant of a thought because the person I used to get stuff from actually like I think something happened and then we're like,
Daniel De La Mora: Either they're under investigation or something or where I can't even communicate with them anymore. Like, they're not responding to me they're telling me they can't talk like
Daniel De La Mora: And when that happened, in a way, was a relief because
Daniel De La Mora: Like i knew that i mean if if I realized like sooner that
Daniel De La Mora: They were stronger substances that I was being given them what you should be denied already like tried to back off that. But the fact that this person was telling me, like, Don't hit me up or like
Daniel De La Mora: Something was happening to them like made me stop talking to them and that made me actually deal with like going through that tougher period of time like this past time wasn't as tough at all like as far as what I felt before.
Daniel De La Mora: Like, like, so that's what I'm actually really like I'm glad that I didn't like getting involved with any like crazy press stuff, but even taking anything itself is bad, but I'm just glad that I wasn't doing anything like fake
Daniel De La Mora: Because the person before me was acting like they're you know i friend everything and they're giving me fake substances like they don't care about you.
Daniel De La Mora: At all.
Daniel De La Mora: So let's, um, can we set another time. Yeah.
Do you
Like you and you towards the end of the month.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah, I'm done.
Daniel De La Mora: I should be good.
Shawn Phalen: How about you want to do.
Shawn Phalen: 630 on March Wednesday, March or do group one
Daniel De La Mora: Group on Wednesdays at 1030 in the morning, I need to do Monday sense the comedian Monday the 23rd at six.
Daniel De La Mora: Yeah.
Daniel De La Mora: Okay, Monday, the 23rd.
Yeah.
Daniel De La Mora: That's six, you said, Yeah.
Alright dude, I said.
Daniel De La Mora: I will
Daniel De La Mora: Definitely, definitely do that.
Shawn Phalen: Right, and then
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
Daniel De La Mora: I guess. Alright, sounds good.
Daniel De La Mora: Talk to you soon.
Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Shawn Phalen: Hey Danny.
Hey,
Shawn Phalen: Can you hear me.
Danny Couser: Okay, there you go.
Danny Couser: Oh, just, I don't know. So this is just sums up about how spiteful this woman I've encountered in my life is
Danny Couser: A year ago directly
Danny Couser: Today was the day I met her, and she decided to finally drop off all my shit at my mom's house.
Danny Couser: If you can see
Danny Couser: Yeah, so that, yeah, that's my crap and inside the car there. It's like she just left it sitting on the front of my hood of my car and everything. Well, I came home from work and all this. My shits.
Danny Couser: spilling over so another it's some tweaks around your property went through and just took whatever the hell they want it as they please.
Danny Couser: And I was blowing her up non stop because she told me to come get it over the weekend and I was ready to go out. I was getting close to your house to texter to have a brother in law, meet me to get it.
Danny Couser: And she just stopped answering and all together and of course called me as soon as I got back into town. My mother's house.
Danny Couser: And just like I just wow, like what the hell, like, you know, it's like it's been a month of phone tag and
Danny Couser: For whatever reason, and be able to get my stuff for my reasons or her reasons and she can literally like weights to the day to give it her full effort for me to get my shit like
Danny Couser: You mean like a year to the day when we met. Like, I mean that's not just by coincidence that I know how she works in it's just
Danny Couser: You know, one last book you like stuck on that pretty much
Shawn Phalen: And this might sound really weird. No, no, I'm going to put it out there. What if you looked at this and what if he put this on the top of your gratitude list that it didn't work out.
Danny Couser: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: That might sound just so crazy and outrageous here right now.
Danny Couser: Good.
Shawn Phalen: I want to put that out to you that she probably did you the biggest favor of your life.
It might sound.
Danny Couser: Right, but
You know,
Shawn Phalen: It is what it is right now you got your stuff back. You should be grateful that you guys stuff.
Danny Couser: Yeah, I was looking for to cut my hair and shavings. And usually, nice and clean cut and whatnot. But I really haven't even touched my hair nothing for the past month and a half or so and shaved like once since I've been
Danny Couser: Away from her house, which is pretty just gross as hell to me. But yeah, that was one of the, you know, I don't know how many things, whatever random tweeter
Danny Couser: Gotten walked away with before I got to my stuff when I got home from work. So that's what I'm really just irritated a shit about it. I mean, because
Danny Couser: It's just like, why would you know I mean because I asked my neighbors like if they don't speak English. I will. So I'm kind of like
Danny Couser: Trying to get it translate. Like how long like was this stuff here like this. You know, like, did you see like a girl blonde hair that you know
Danny Couser: Or maybe one hour, maybe, you know, so it's like another she made sure to get here. Right, right. Be like, you know, before I got here from work, you know, and
Danny Couser: It's just like she knew the last one time whenever many makeup breakage shit I came here to my mom's house brought my stuff, blah, blah, blah.
Danny Couser: And I left some of my stuff here at my mom's my mom's boyfriend took some of my stuff out to make room for some other crap in the car and he forgot a duffel bag of mine out here like outside. But then the carport area.
Danny Couser: And once again, some random tweeters just went through took my cologne and all kinds of random stupid little shit. But, you know, stupid shit. I'd rather not replace you know
Danny Couser: And she knew that and she knows it's not like a good spot to just be any kind of bag of anything. You know, like yet straight people go tweak your treasure hunting anytime any day around here and
Danny Couser: You know, and she's like, I don't. And not to mention. She didn't even give me all my shit, that's what pisses me off more than any time like after all that, and you didn't even give me all of my things like really
Danny Couser: You know, it's like she's got my expensive bike at her house. Still, which is another thing I was kind of hoping to get because I don't
Danny Couser: Need a bike, I finally got a car and I was going to just get rid of it sell it, make some extra cash towards getting a room to rent or whatever, you know, and
Danny Couser: It's just a it's, I mean the other shit I could care less about, but I'm not
Danny Couser: I don't know. I'm about this close to just saying shirt bucket. When you write the bike have to, but at the same time, I don't know if it's just an ego deal but like it's just kind of like
Danny Couser: Lucky that you know you're not kind of fuck me over in every way, shape, or form that you just feel as you please, you know, to mean like Danny, let's
Danny Couser: Let's like take a deep breath. Because here's what happens again. Yeah, really.
Shawn Phalen: I know this is really messed up like what she did. Okay.
Just take a deep breath and kind of
De escalate a little bit because what can happen. The more you talk about it, the more
Danny Couser: I feel like my heart's like a fucking rabbit right now. Like it's
Shawn Phalen: Let's, let's just, like, just take a moment here and
Danny Couser: So what I want. Let's talk about, okay, all right, you're still at your mom's right yeah okay
Danny Couser: And you're working in my right. Right. And where are you
Danny Couser: Just for the city of Dublin.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so do you make enough where you can start looking for your own place.
What
Shawn Phalen: Do you do you make enough money where you can start looking for your own place to live.
Danny Couser: Yeah, I mean, yeah.
Danny Couser: About just the amount I make 15 bucks an hour. So, and I get about 476 a week after taxes. So I mean, yeah, I mean, I've looked around and like for just a room like from the city. I mean, I don't know where you're from, but
Danny Couser: If you're in California.
Shawn Phalen: I'm in Arizona.
Shawn Phalen: Can you hear me.